Adding some additional verbiage to clarify the Gitpod instructions (#4)
honeycombio/intro-to-o11y-python: README.md

Recommended:
[![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/honeycombio/intro-to-o11y-python)

Gitpod is a free cloud environment where you can run the example without needing to clone the code or install Python on your machine.

> Or you can clone this repo and run the app locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also clone this repo and run the app locally.
```

Author: Nice, thanks for the suggestions!

 If you use [VSCode devcontainers](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers-tutorial),

> then reopen in a container. Otherwise, have python3 and pip installed; and run `pip3 install -r requirements.txt`.

Reviewer: Do we care about the version of python beyond 3?

Author: Good question, I think we're good as long as it's Python 3

### Start the app

Start the app by executing `./run` in the terminal.

### See the app

If you are running the app in Gitpod, navigate to the "Ports" tab and click the address for port 5000 to open the app in a new tab:

> ![Gitpod open address](img/gitpod-ports.png "Gitpod open address")

Reviewer: woooo screenshots :D

> Or if you are running locally, access the app at http://localhost:5000

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running locally, access the app at http://localhost:5000.
```

> Then activate the sequence of numbers by pushing the **Go** button. After you see numbers, push **Stop**. Try this a few times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Activate the sequence of numbers by selecting the **Go** button.
After the app displays numbers, select **Stop**.
Try this a few times.
```

## Configure telemetry to connect to Honeycomb

We need to set a few environment variables to configure OpenTelemetry to send data to Honeycomb.

Get a Honeycomb API Key from your Team Settings in [Honeycomb](https://ui.honeycomb.io).

> (find this by clicking on your profile in the lower-left corner.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(find this by selecting your profile in the lower-left corner of the Honeycomb user interface.)
```

Recommended: set up a `.env` file, and the app will read it.

Copy the example env: `cp .env.example .env`

Now, edit `.env` and put your own Honeycomb API key where it belongs. This file will be ignored by git,

> so you won't accidentally commit your API key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edit `.env` and replace the placeholder value for HONEYCOMB_API_KEY with your own Honeycomb API key. 
This file will be ignored by git, so you will not accidentally commit your API key.
```

#### See the results

Start the app with `./run`

If you are running the app in Gitpod, navigate to the "Ports" tab and click the address for port 5000 to open the app in a new tab:

![Gitpod open address](img/gitpod-ports.png "Gitpod open address")

> If you are running locally, access the app at http://localhost:5000

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running locally, access the app at http://localhost:5000.
```

> Activate the sequence of numbers by pushing **Go**. After you see numbers, push **Stop**. Try this a few times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Activate the sequence of numbers by selecting the **Go** button.
After the app displays numbers, select **Stop**.
Try this a few times.
```
